I posted one Tick Tock per day for 30
days and here's what I learned first of
all if you're new here hi there my name
is Brock Johnson and I want to ask you
to consider subscribing if you're
interested in growing your social media
following or making money online and let
me preface these seven lessons that I
learned by saying that at the time of
posting these 30 tick tocks I already
had about 300 000 followers on Tick Tock
but here's the problem the majority of
those followers followed me for funny
silly Goofy dancing content that I
posted way back in 2018 and 2019 that
was when I originally blew up on Tick
Tock and so I did this experiment as a
way to see if I could reignite my Tick
Tock and bring my followers back the
first thing I learned is that the
quantity of posts made on Tick Tock or
maybe the expectation for the quantity
of posts made is higher than maybe any
other social media platform here on
YouTube You're Expecting at most one
video a day but even that would be quite
a bit on Tick Tock they expect multiple
posts every single day and the algorithm
really rewards you for posting that much
and because of this lesson the tip that
I would give is to create multiple
versions of Trends so let's say you're
remaking a video that's currently
trending using a sound bite that's
blowing up right now instead of just
making and sharing one version of it
make two three or four versions if you
can come up with that many all using the
same Trend but really what's your major
oh it's mathematics wow you're so smart
I could never do that I cannot keep
having the same conversation as you're
watching right now let me know in the
comments do you regularly post on Tick
Tock or have you not jumped in yet the
second thing I learned is create fast
and don't overthink it my best
performing videos over those 30 days
were the ones that I made super quick
and just press post I didn't let them
sit in my drafts I didn't Mill about
wondering or not if it would do well I
just pressed post the third lesson that
I learned is using saved folders is
really really helpful rather than just
pressing the save button so that all of
the tick tocks that I've saved are just
in one big folder I would split them
into different collections based off why
I was saving them some videos I saved
cause they were content ideas some I
saved because they had a great hook some
I saved because I loved their call to
action I saved videos for different
reasons and I categorized them so it
would be easier to find in the future
the fourth lesson that I learned over my
30 days is that quality matters but it's
quantity that allows you to get to that
level of quality so during my first few
days of this challenge my quality of
video wasn't that great but by the end
of the 30 days my quality had
significantly improved and that was
because I had 30 days of practice so the
more you post the better at posting you
get the fifth lesson that I learned is
related to hashtags and that is the
hashtags matter on Tick Tock and the
hashtags that you're using should be
super specific to the video during my 30
days I was ideally looking for hashtags
that had less than five million other
posts made previously using that hashtag
that way they weren't too big that my
content just kind of got lost in the
wash and I could still be found but they
were still large enough that people were
actually searching for these terms and a
big part of that was using hashtags that
really specifically relate to the video
rather than just using Instagram I would
use Instagram
algorithm2022 so that the tick tock
algorithm really knew what my content
was about and who to show it to the
sixth lesson learned and this was
probably the most surprising one was the
original long form content is actually
performing best over on Tick Tock rather
than a seven second sound bite that's
trending and going viral I started to
create some longer form videos and a lot
of these I would share on Instagram
reels as well and when I share them on
Tick Tock they did better people seem to
really stay engaged and Tick Tock seems
to be pushing those longer form videos
with my own spoken audio out to more
people and then the final lesson that I
learned and this is probably the most
important lesson of all seven is that
sticking to a niche matters like I said
earlier I grew 300 000 followers who
didn't really care what my Niche was I
grew 300 000 followers who wanted me to
do one thing which was dancing and now
they all still follow me but that's not
what I do I I mean I still dance but
that's not my focus my focus isn't just
making silly videos my focus is sharing
exactly what I'm sharing with you in
this YouTube video which is educational
tips around growing on social media and
so because I had changed my Niche a lot
of my followers were no longer
interested but they were still following
and that creates a problem but over the
30 days the more I consistently posted
about this one topic growing on social
media and making money online the more
my followers started to engage the more
the right kind of followers started to
find me and the more the wrong kind of
followers started to unfollow which was
honestly a good thing thank you so much
for watching today if you found this
valuable please consider pressing
subscribe for more content about growing
on social media and making money online